Storybook docs (#5552)
bitwarden/clients: libs/components/src/button/button.mdx

where the width is fixed and the text wraps to 2 lines if exceeding the button’s width.

<Story of={stories.Block} />

## Accessibility

Please follow these guidelines to ensure that buttons are accessible to all users.

### Color contrast

All button styles are WCAG compliant when displayed on `background` and `background-alt` colors. To
use a button on a different background, double check that the color contrast is sufficient in both
the light and dark themes.

### Loading Buttons

> Include an `aria-label` attribute that defaults to “loading” but can be configurable per

Reviewer: suggestion: use the non-fancy quotation marks
```suggestion
Include an `aria-label` attribute that defaults to "loading" but can be configurable per
```

implementation. On click, the screen reader should announce the `aria-label`. Once the action is

> compelted, use another messaging pattern to alert the user that the action is complete (example:

Reviewer: typo
```suggestion
completed, use another messaging pattern to alert the user that the action is complete (example:
```

success toast).

### Submit and async actions

Both submit and async action buttons use a loading button state while an action is taken. If your
button is preforming a long running task in the background like a server API call, be sure to review
the [Async Actions Directive](?path=/story/component-library-async-actions-overview--page).

<Story of={stories.Loading} />

### appA11yTitle

> `appA11yTitle` is an element that auto assigns the same string to the `title` and `aria-label`

Reviewer: suggestion: match angular terminology
```suggestion
`appA11yTitle` is a directive that auto assigns the same string to the `title` and `aria-label`
```

attributes.

When a button uses accessible content (i.e. actual text), DO NOT include this as it adds redundant
content for someone using assistive technology.

`appA11yTitle` should only be used if the element it applies to does not include accessible text,

> e.i. an icon.

Reviewer: typo:
```suggestion
i.e. an icon.
```
